Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Jessica.
Jessica G: Hi. Sorry I'm late.
Gwenevere Abriel: So take your time.
Jessica G: It's freezing my son's dad.
Jessica G: Was like had the idea. Oh, well, why don't we just not use the heater and plug into the little later than lot trickier.
Jessica G: And I was like, okay, but then he went to sleep and didn't plug it
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Jessica G: We were just so cold.
Jessica G: And I was out I was knocked out.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, it's interesting you say that, are you taking a medicine is knocking you out.
Jessica G: Yeah, I'm taking half of the
Jessica G: Half of the
Jessica G: Quantity. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now you're not waking up as groggy
Jessica G: I hope no
Jessica G: No, not really. I wake up.
Jessica G: Okay, I get up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your you're on a phone. So you're one of my clients, where I use the two sort of water bottles. Is that right,
Jessica G: Yeah. Oh, so I had an idea about that.
Jessica G: Um, I can probably on my TV upstairs. We have an Xbox connected to it. And so, um, I can go on YouTube.
Jessica G: And then. Oh, but you have to watch my eyes time
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so do you have like Apple TV, where you can share the
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen with um
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me. Here's what I'm asking. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you put the video up on the Xbox where you're watching me up there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then no okay let's keep talking. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in it, you're trying to solve the problem. And I get it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm kind of crunching because I had like two more bites left and
Jessica G: I figured, well, it's OK. OK.
So now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's fine. You could do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be
Gwenevere Abriel: There's still a little bit of adjustment that would be needed. How about we do this, why don't you set up that on another day, whereas today. We won't take because we already getting a late start
Gwenevere Abriel: We won't take up all that time doing that, but you can practice it in the future, like, Okay, I'm gonna and I can show you what the
Gwenevere Abriel: What the YouTube is the those blue lights I can show them to you. And you can already have it and you can throw it up there on YouTube, you can watch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only differences is, I would say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica, it has to be at this speed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because sometimes I'm wanting it to be slower and other times I wanted to be faster. So it will be a little bit of direction there.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's also, if it's a big screen like this, you know, like, like a TV. If it's 55 inches if you're right here next to it. If you're making your eyes work too hard. You'd have to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Back, you know, I mean you have to be back on the bed or something kind of far back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's even though you know it seems like, Oh, that'll be really easy. See how there's still steps that might get in the way. Whereas when I'm in control of the tempo, the speed right in here when I kind of decide that
Gwenevere Abriel: It could move a little faster. So, but I don't I don't dislike your idea. I think it's a good one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just hear a little bit about what did you notice about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you had sent me a text earlier.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really remember thinking, boy, this is a pretty pretty positive checks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how this week has been for you.
Jessica G: Um, it's been it's been pretty good. I'm sober enough. I feel like I feel like I'm still breathing out. I feel
Jessica G: Weird like the lower the dose gets the clear my mind is getting it's not
Jessica G: I'm not gonna say it any easier. I just know
Jessica G: I figured out how to work with it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on one hand, you're saying it's not easier and you're learning how to work with it and what let's take these pieces apart. We have my head is starting to clear up
Gwenevere Abriel: So my dad. Are you saying that you're feeling sharper like you can find words easier. You're pulling up memories and thoughts and answers faster.
Jessica G: Yeah, I feel like
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you mean by clear up
Jessica G: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then you said also
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's still hard like tell me what what that's about. I mean,
Jessica G: I'm like, as far as the withdrawal symptoms are going
Jessica G: They're very mild very, very mild but
Jessica G: I start freaking out. I started like
Jessica G: Getting I'm
Jessica G: Kinda like panic attacks and stuff and
Jessica G: So,
Jessica G: I don't start filling the withdrawal symptoms until
Jessica G: Later on, like a once it's bedtime. Once I've already cleaned and cooked and once everything's done
Jessica G: Then that's when or like while I'm still like cleaning up after dinner, that's when I start filling the withdrawal symptoms. So that's when I go upstairs.
Jessica G: I take half of the Clonidine, and then I
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the stairs baby's coming down the stairs.
Jessica G: Oh my gosh.
Jessica G: Okay, sorry about that. You scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, well, I figured I'd tell you in case he
Gwenevere Abriel: Fell or something, you know,
Jessica G: Yeah yeah
Jessica G: Yeah.
Jessica G: Okay. Luckily, it hasn't happened yet. Netflix.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what's your what I'm hearing you say is when the day starts to wane.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, let's get, let's get into it. Let's get precise you're feeling what
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you feeling about, what, eight o'clock at night. What are you feeling
Tired.
Jessica G: I'm starting to feel tired. I'm starting to feel. Um, but I sorry
Jessica G: I'm starting to feel tired. I'm starting to feel then
Jessica G: I'm like my body gets tired, everything starts to I'm having so much pain.
Jessica G: I feel like I'm
Jessica G: Maybe I'm carrying around too much weight or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's where's the pain.
Jessica G: Like in my joy.
Jessica G: And my joints in my
Jessica G: In my like my muscle my back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is this familiar pain or is this feel new
Jessica G: Know it's it's familiar pain.
Jessica G: How old is familiar pain.
Jessica G: Well, after I stopped you being
Jessica G: Like, about a year after um
Jessica G: That's when the pain started
Jessica G: Yeah. After that, from the pink started on my muscles and stuff my joints started hurting and
Jessica G: I figured it was because of all the drugs. I had done, you know, they took a toll on my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you come back to the screen. I want to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: This concept of hyper
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheese. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a word you're familiar with.
Jessica G: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you come back all I'll show it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk a little bit about this opioid induced hyper LG is. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's an enhanced pain response, which means let's say you have an injury and or you had an extended period of opioid use
Gwenevere Abriel: Person becomes more sensitive to the pain as a result of taking medication, it's called opioid induced hyper Oh geez. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Due to the increase in opioid usage. Oh, he is becoming more of a concern. So something that typically would cause pain will often feel painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: To someone with hyper Oh geez. Yeah, it's something. So in other words, some small thing that let's say would happen to me. I might be mildly disrupted by it, but you're going to feel it, you know, 10 times more 20 times more you're going to be more acutely
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting a signal. It doesn't mean there is actually an injury. It's just that the signaling is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a hyper hyper sensitivity. Okay, these are things they're generally painful. These will feel significantly more painful for you with this condition.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's and then come down here. I'll show you down here, talks about the key symptom of it is feeling increased sensitivity to pain without a new injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it's a worsening of another condition. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep reading. All right, so these are the main symptoms and increasing the intensity of pain that you feel over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: A spread of the pain to another location, other than the initial site. So it might have maybe you had an injury, years ago and it was in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're having this increased pain in a lot of different places. And it also has an increased pain sensitivity to every stimuli. So everything just becomes more and more painful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're muted. So I can't hear you. Whether your, your
Jessica G: What's your yeah sorry cartoons and everything. I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: After this you can hit upstairs and turn it off. But let's just get through this part as you're listening to this, what wasn't making you think about
Jessica G: I don't know. I guess I have questions like, if it's like, so what does that mean, does that mean that it's something I'm imagining or
Gwenevere Abriel: No, you're not imagining it.
Jessica G: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not in your head. It just means that
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see. So it says I'm nosy of sectors are a type of receptor on your nerves that respond to pain signals hyper cheesy occurs when these receptors become more sensitive
Gwenevere Abriel: Your body releases many compounds when part of your tissue is damage. Some of these compounds can enhance the responsiveness of the gnosis sectors. This leads to the development of hyper Jesus
Gwenevere Abriel: Some people experience hybrid geezer following a surgical procedure. This is due to trauma to tissue or nerves present in the surgical site.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see. I'm assuming your concern is will it last forever. And, you know, assuming that's part of what you want to know about.
Jessica G: I guess. Yeah, or no cuz I
Jessica G: I kind of feel. I feel like this is something that's gonna
Jessica G: Always be there.
Jessica G: Unless I lose weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So why is that you think that has to do with weight. Tell me about that.
Jessica G: Because I'm overweight.
Jessica G: I feel like I'm
Jessica G: And I feel like I'm carrying I just say I'm like self diagnosing but I feel like I'm paying too much weight going up and down the stairs and then going up and down the stairs with my baby and just there's too much weight on my lane.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me what normal weight is for you how this feels different. Tell me about that.
Jessica G: Well, um, according to my
Jessica G: I think the last time I checked it. Somebody, somebody
Jessica G: I don't remember what my BMI is Uh huh.
Jessica G: But I'm somebody like that's my height and he is like supposed to be like between
Jessica G: 120 and
Jessica G: Like 130 or something like that. I remember I know the I know the the
Jessica G: The number was like, way lower than what I am now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and did this start um says
Gwenevere Abriel: A year after I stopped using did you start eating more and moving less
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I thought I left her outside
Jessica G: I was like, what, um,
Jessica G: So what happened.
Jessica G: I know I started eating more and then
Jessica G: I had like a, I think it's just been like a lot of things I had a freak accident with the epidural.
Jessica G: Um, during labor I gained almost went up to 200 pounds. During my pregnancy. Okay.
Jessica G: Just a combination of things now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me ask you something this weight gain, it did it seem like it made no sense because you hadn't started eating that much more like it makes no sense to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or or does it make sense because you were kind of like eating you know 4000 calories a day or something like what was going on. Do you think
Jessica G: It makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does. Okay.
Jessica G: Mm hmm. Okay, I'm a parent. I was eating a lot. I wasn't eating healthy
Okay.
Jessica G: To say
Gwenevere Abriel: Not exercising, right. So we do want to spend a little bit of time around that, because part of what I'm seeing a lot of success in and what research is saying is if you incorporate
Gwenevere Abriel: moderate exercise, you know, you don't, you're not going to be a marathon runner. Right. We're not asking for that. But if you can incorporate some movement, maybe 2030 minutes a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: People are feeling better. I mean, now your brain is clearing up. Wouldn't it be kind of nice to start a really start to feel better physically. Um, so have you been already brainstorming something you would like to do
Jessica G: Oh yeah, I've already put it in in in motion.
Jessica G: What is I went out and shut up, then there be an iOS, the vegan part of it.
Jessica G: I went and got fresh through
Jessica G: nonfat Greek yogurt. Like, I'm just trying to eat healthier.
Jessica G: Not trying to eat.
Jessica G: After a certain time probably like after eight o'clock seven o'clock.
Jessica G: I turned out to eat. I'm the one thing though is like. Okay, so before I moved into this apartment. I wasn't doing any exercise at all. I wasn't doing nothing. I mean, while I was going to school. I was running back and forth and doing all that but
Jessica G: Like once I moved into this apartment. I literally go up and down those stairs.
Jessica G: Like
Jessica G: Like a good
Jessica G: 50 times a day. Wow, up and down the stairs. I've been on the third one. And every time I go up.
Jessica G: I try to kind of like, you know, like tight in my muscles and everything. I kind of make it an exercise. I've always done that. And then when I come down. It's like our hurts.
Jessica G: My knees or hurts my, like, you know, my ankles just
Jessica G: I'm like, I have it in my head or radio
Jessica G: Is the plan set in motion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me what it is. And I can put it on your treatment plan to and you and I can peek at it every month.
Jessica G: We can look at it, you can
Gwenevere Abriel: So in your own words.
Jessica G: What is it that you want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To and I'll write it down.
Jessica G: What's your goal. I want to get healthier and healthier. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's see how we define that when we were just talking here when we say
Gwenevere Abriel: I will, and just take something you were doing before, and we can take a few things. So for example, I will eat fruits and vegetables twice a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Five days a week, or you might say, I'll eat if you're doing a calorie thing you might pick a calorie approach or you might say, I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you said, I won't eat after you know 678 or nine, you know, whatever the timing is
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a week so that you can sort of say, look, I'm already doing it. This is great. We can get behind this, and we can reinforce the success
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the word healthy is an interesting one. Everybody's definition of it is different. Some people will say about me, you don't eat healthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next person is going to say, oh my gosh you eat so healthy. How do you do it, it varies with everybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I really want to understand what it will feel like for you. I already heard, I'm eating fruit. I heard vegan yogurt. I heard something about not eating late at night after eight o'clock. Um, but let's be specific.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to do, let's look at it on a daily basis. What will you be doing more of every day.
Jessica G: Like once a day.
Jessica G: I just feel like I'm too busy.
Jessica G: Like I'm too busy like I'm too.
Jessica G: I'm always doing something
Jessica G: Like, even when I eat.
Jessica G: I've been trying to make it a point to sit down and eat with my son.
Jessica G: But sometimes. He just eats before me or either I'm Christina, I have to serve him and stuff so I even eat standing up, like, Well, I'm working, you know,
Jessica G: And
Jessica G: I guess in my mind.
Jessica G: In my mind, I feel like I'm not hungry. Like, my mind's like you normally not hungry. And then that's how I end up eating late at night because I'm like Jesus. Like, I'm hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, can I talk to you a little I'm not a nutritionist, but this the little bit that I've learned about
Gwenevere Abriel: Eating and things like that is
Gwenevere Abriel: If the body isn't being fed what it's doing is it's saying, oh, she's not feeding us. We're going to hold on to our fat storage, we need to hold on to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not feeding it, it may seem crazy. I know, but it's it's it's living off of a scarcity system. If instead you made yourself eat as many as four tiny so meals.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it won't, it doesn't it doesn't help you emotionally. A lot of people will eat emotionally like they'll eat salty fat sugary foods.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but if you wanted to, if you if you wanted to experiment with it, certainly you could schedule an appointment with a nutritionist I'm I know we have one in bright heart I have yet to be able to get her to meet with my clients, but certainly you could pursue a more professional approach.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you base it on what you want to see is a healthier approach. The body does want small meals. It wants these little things, because if we think about what food is supposed to be. It's supposed to be fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's we like right the taste of those sweet, salty fatty foods.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we get this little dopa mean little bit of adult mean rush. Yeah, we get that release and it reinforces that you're not going to starve to death. So biologically, we want that. But if you said, I'm not going to eat emotionally. I'm going to eat healthy, then think of food is fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think of right you've got dark colored berries, like a Blackberry or a blueberry or raspberry kale, which is a really dark colored food, they tend to be antioxidants.
Gwenevere Abriel: He said, Well, you know, maybe you'll talk to your primary care physician or maybe you can talk with the doctor about some information that she might have on you know particular vitamins that are good.
Gwenevere Abriel: For someone who's going through this this tapering process, you know, that might be useful information that might meet the category of healthier. But even as I'm saying see food as fuel instead of a friend like an emotional friend. Um, what comes up for you.
Jessica G: Um,
Jessica G: I feel like it's like kind of the way I'm dosing myself every single day.
Jessica G: With the buprenorphine.
Jessica G: I can look at it the same way with food, like I'm
Jessica G: Smelling No. Yes.
Jessica G: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a very different approach. But you know what will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't be won't be as hungry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you might be hungrier because the body's going to start to, um, it'll say, Oh, I'm getting I'm getting fuel, but I need a little more and you can start to use the reservoir that you have stored in your fat cells. Now, that's my understanding of it. I could be wrong.
Jessica G: I'm not a nutritionist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Way outside my scope.
Jessica G: But that's my understanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think, you know, you may know that through people that are like bodybuilders only like five times a day they'll have these tiny little meals with meat and whatever, and they eat all day long.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but their fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they don't want the body to burn muscle. They just want it to be pulling pulling from the fat storage and using the actual food as fuel.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that something has to take its place. So I want you to think about 6789 o'clock at night.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have now clean, which means that's a distraction. You've kept your mind busy. That's a great technique for people that are trying not to relapse. It's a great one. Staying busy. Um, but then the work is done and you are left with you and the quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think we need to get some ritual in 6789 where's the real window for you. Where is the real vulnerability. Let's say you were to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: At six o'clock at night and you couldn't eat after seven and that was it. And now you're left with, what, eight o'clock, nine o'clock 10 o'clock when you go to bed.
Jessica G: I usually end up in there like around 1030 1045 after a baby, the baby and changing everything
Gwenevere Abriel: So you have basically between
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say eight 910 about three and a half hours.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you actually enjoy doing that we feel nourishing to the soul that we are he's climbing up the stairs that good said okay
Jessica G: Yeah, who does not going up.
Yeah.
Jessica G: I don't like it but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what can you do, what's something that would actually bring you some pleasure, some joy. It could be a YouTube video on some exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be reading something, it could be making something could be starting to get yourself more involved in a project and activity. What could you do what some thoughts.
Jessica G: Sorry, reading the Bible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now between eight and 10 how much time would that take
Jessica G: Well, it depends. Like, because then I'm supposed I was already supposed to do it, but it's a whole story and I just didn't end up doing it. Um, but, um,
Jessica G: I've been like it's been in the back of my mind. So I feel like a chapter a day because they have, they gave us this paper.
Jessica G: That you read so much a day. I think that it's like 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client will increase reading the Bible. That's one chapter a day approximately 10 minutes. How many days a week.
Jessica G: Seven.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do it every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many are you already doing it.
Jessica G: I'm only reading the daily devotional on the app on our churches. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're not reading the one chapter at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we take it a little slower. Why don't we have, what if we just did it for five days a week, so that we could get behind the progress of it, instead of all or nothing like nothing, and all of a sudden
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean. What if we did a little smaller. So we can. I can give you a yay, yay, you did great.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about we which. What do you want to do what's in the mill of seven for you.
Jessica G: Like by
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, from zero to five days a week and you have 30 days to pull this off. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And now, guess what is that Bible right out where you need it to be. Is it hidden right now, or is it out.
Jessica G: So beautiful. It's on my bookshelf.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can share that in group or an individual therapy if you want to and say, hey, I've been reading or hey, I haven't. I keep forgetting our distract myself or whatever. So let's, what about this idea of eating healthy
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like things to be measurable so that we can. You can say yes, this is what I was doing. And this is what I'm doing now, what would you like to do more of what will we be increasing. See if we can make it really specific
Jessica G: What I would like to do, Mara.
Yep.
Jessica G: Taking time for myself.
Jessica G: I would like to take more time for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's beautiful. That's what we would call here as self care now in that time that you are taking it for yourself. Is there anything you already envision that you would be doing
Jessica G: washing my face.
Jessica G: My creams and stuff on my hair out, putting oil in it and putting it up in a been
Jessica G: Painting my toenail.
Jessica G: Even
Gwenevere Abriel: I was gonna say what's going to get in the way of the time needed right
Jessica G: To do this, um,
Jessica G: Well, I usually try to ask my friends to watch the baby.
Jessica G: But it doesn't work out too good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, why does it break down. Why does it not work too good.
Jessica G: Because he doesn't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Did you know that we
Gwenevere Abriel: We started with this. And then there was a return to he'll help with the diapers. There was some progress. Did, did some backsliding happen with his help.
Jessica G: Oh, no, no. He still does all that he still, you know, grabs the baby. But now I'm having issues with hey look, I'm trying to I need time for myself like
Jessica G: Me please look out for him.
Jessica G: He does he do it he just sits on the phone.
Jessica G: And the baby ends up upstairs crying banging on the door. So I have to let them in the restroom and
Jessica G: You start getting into everything and
Gwenevere Abriel: So what is it that worked. And I have some vague recollection that it was his mother that gave them a little talk into
Jessica G: The something how my grandma. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is interesting because this one might be a little harder for him to understand. So I wonder if it's a matter of do you think that he could hear
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagine what his life would be if when he came home from work. He had no downtime. There was no time to watch TV. There was no time to kind of play a game on the phone or video game. There's no downtime, because that's basically what you're going through.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to be on duty watching out for him. I mean, before you finish breakfast, all of a sudden it's like lunch. Again, it's very time consuming.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I know he doesn't get that. But he might register it with the fact that he doesn't want to go take care of him. It actually takes a lot of energy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both of you need time to refuel
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, picturing him if he could picture what you know. Can you sort of imagine, sweetheart, that you know you how you want to decompress you want to come home from work. I need that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being specific can, can I have that between let's say eight and nine o'clock and just start there and see if you can at least and and it means
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you've got to keep direct eye contact on him. He can't crawl away can down the stairs. In fact, will walk up the stairs and you go play with him. You can drive with him, Go Go do your thing or US boy bonding here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I need the mental relief of being able to just focus on myself because the vigilance of having to constantly be worrying about a safety worrying about his well being. All that all day long. It takes a lot of energy. And I like to relax into this quiet self care routine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like you do when you come home because doesn't he come home and want to decompress
Jessica G: Yeah, we all
Gwenevere Abriel: We all need it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you think's going to happen if you try to have that conversation with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to play with how you might say it and see how it sounds and practice it with me. What would you say
Jessica G: I would probably
Jessica G: Talk to him.
Jessica G: Like in my serious boys.
Jessica G: Like when he knows that I'm not joking, like I'm being serious.
Jessica G: And tell him.
Jessica G: I need his help.
Jessica G: I need his help with the baby like I'm on my feet all day long.
Jessica G: But then once I start saying that like she automatically shuts off like oh why work all day long. You know, so he just
Jessica G: stopped listening. I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is the tricky part. Jessica, if I was there, I would be able to sort of guide you and navigate and what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: But unfortunately, right, it's just you having to hold on to the fact that this is something you've identified that you need to work on. And it's worth it, did he throw some matching
You
Gwenevere Abriel: You're worth what you're asking for. I just wonder if you back down.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if you'd let go of that because he's saying he's working and you have this underlying belief that you're being lazy or something because you've touched on something in a past session.
Gwenevere Abriel: About that and i don't agree with you. You're not lazy being a mother is incredibly being a parent is incredibly time consuming difficulties, a lot of concentration. It's a lot of work. And in fact, if you were to say, Hey sweetheart. How about you work.
Gwenevere Abriel: No more. And you'd be a stay at home dad wants you to picture how much energy that would take notice how just babysitting takes a lot of energy. Hey sweetheart. Just imagine that imagine, are you drawn to it and you would want to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. It takes a lot of work. And my guess is he rather be at work.
Jessica G: Yo,
Jessica G: He wouldn't even be having to him because he wouldn't lift a finger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, so there would be, it would be done poorly.
Okay.
Jessica G: Yeah, he's like,
Jessica G: Just refuses to do any housework.
Jessica G: She uses to clean up after themselves and I find myself like telling them, please like you got to help me out dude like pick up after yourself. I'm not your mom like I
Jessica G: It's hard. I've been having
Jessica G: The way he was raised.
Jessica G: And the way he watched his mom with her with his dad is like
Jessica G: When he got out of work. They're better they're better be a plate with one food on the table.
Jessica G: And the house better between, you know,
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not his mom, you're not. And he's
Jessica G: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's taking the modeling of
Gwenevere Abriel: his upbringing and
Gwenevere Abriel: If this isn't something that you want to do, then it's, you know, maybe it's time to have a little conversation about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as I mentioned, to other people. I'm more than happy to to work with couples and I do, if there is a big subject that
Jessica G: People want to talk with their, their partner about I can meet with
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple in
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you ever do get to that.
Jessica G: Point we want to have a
long conversation.
Jessica G: To kind of give you guys
Jessica G: Skills about how to accomplish that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Happened to do it.
Jessica G: Purely
Jessica G: That would it be cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well, just let me know when. Okay. And one thing and then I'm going to have to jump out to a group
Jessica G: But one thing that you need.
Jessica G: Help
Jessica G: If you say you
Gwenevere Abriel: Say to them, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm making a lot of changes and you may have questions.
Jessica G: And you
Jessica G: Want to stand with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Therapy stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is if you come into zoom with me and you meet with when my therapist, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Could find out more, if
Jessica G: You want
Gwenevere Abriel: More about it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a feel for it because you're probably noticing some changes in
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a way to sell it. We see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The reality is I would be teaching communication skills, it's talking
Jessica G: About contract that's up to you guys wanted to talk about your hot topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: He says communication skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not be able to see into
Gwenevere Abriel: Life, how awesome he is to learning how open, is he, how resistant how it could really add to the work that we're doing.
Jessica G: To you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm happy to do that. You just let me know when. Okay.
Jessica G: Okay. Okay, awesome.
Jessica G: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, I'm I do it all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule. Our next appointment.
And do
Gwenevere Abriel: Can it be 11
Gwenevere Abriel: On February.
Jessica G: Every 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a Monday.
Jessica G: It'll be like this. It's only
Gwenevere Abriel: An hour earlier at 11
Jessica G: Okay. Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I'll see you in group tomorrow.
Jessica G: Okay.
Jessica G: Oh, um, I have a question.
Jessica G: Yes, sorry.
Um,
Jessica G: Can I, can you ask the doctor if she can give me because tomorrow I'm I have a dose for today, but tomorrow. I won't be able to pick up my meditation after
Gwenevere Abriel: You want me to tell you that you want one day right now. Is that what you want me to send you want me to
Books. You're frozen.